Removed .NET framework versioning where appropriate (#55340)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/performance/clr-etw-keywords-and-levels.md

|`ContentionKeyword`|0x00004000|Enables the collection of [contention events](contention-etw-events.md).|  
|`ExceptionKeyword`|0x00008000|Enables the collection of [exception events](exception-thrown-v1-etw-event.md).|  
|`ThreadingKeyword`|0x00010000|Enables the collection of [thread pool events](thread-pool-etw-events.md).|  

> |`OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsKeyword`|0x00040000|(Available in the .NET Framework 4.5 and later.) Suppresses the high-overhead `NGenKeyword` keyword and prevents the generation of events for methods that are inside NGen modules. Profiling tools should use `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsKeyword` and `NGenKeyword` together to suppress the generation of events for methods in NGen modules. This enables the profiling tool to use the more efficient NGen PDBs to get information about methods in NGen modules. The CLR in the .NET Framework 4 and earlier versions does not support the creation of NGen PDBs. In these earlier versions, the CLR will not recognize `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsKeyword` and will process `NGenKeyword` to generate events for methods in NGen modules.|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsKeyword`|0x00040000|(Available in .NET Framework 4.5 and later.) Suppresses the high-overhead `NGenKeyword` keyword and prevents the generation of events for methods that are inside NGen modules. Profiling tools should use `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsKeyword` and `NGenKeyword` together to suppress the generation of events for methods in NGen modules. This enables the profiling tool to use the more efficient NGen PDBs to get information about methods in NGen modules. The CLR in .NET Framework 4 and earlier versions does not support the creation of NGen PDBs. In these earlier versions, the CLR doesn't recognize `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsKeyword` and processes `NGenKeyword` to generate events for methods in NGen modules.|  
```

|`EndRundownKeyword`|0x00000100|Enables the enumeration of system state during an end rundown.|  
|`AppDomainResourceManagementRundownKeyword`|0x00000800|Enables the collection of events for resource monitoring at an <xref:System.AppDomain> level when used with `StartRundownKeyword` or `EndRundownKeyword`.|  
|`ThreadingKeyword`|0x00010000|Enables the collection of thread pool events.|  

> |`OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsRundownKeyword`|0x00040000|(Available in the .NET Framework 4.5 and later.) Suppresses the high-overhead `NGenRundownKeyword` keyword and prevents the generation of events for methods that are inside NGen modules. Profiling tools should use `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsRundownKeyword` and `NGenRundownKeyword` together to suppress the generation of events for methods in NGen modules. This enables the profiling tool to use the more efficient NGen PDBs to get information about methods in NGen modules. The CLR in the .NET Framework 4 and earlier versions does not support the creation of NGen PDBs. In these earlier versions, the CLR will not recognize `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsRundownKeyword` and will process `NGenRundownKeyword` to generate events for methods in NGen modules.|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsRundownKeyword`|0x00040000|(Available in .NET Framework 4.5 and later.) Suppresses the high-overhead `NGenRundownKeyword` keyword and prevents the generation of events for methods that are inside NGen modules. Profiling tools should use `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsRundownKeyword` and `NGenRundownKeyword` together to suppress the generation of events for methods in NGen modules. This enables the profiling tool to use the more efficient NGen PDBs to get information about methods in NGen modules. The CLR in .NET Framework 4 and earlier versions does not support the creation of NGen PDBs. In these earlier versions, the CLR doesn't recognize `OverrideAndSuppressNGenEventsRundownKeyword` and processes `NGenRundownKeyword` to generate events for methods in NGen modules.|  
```
